[CONTRIB] Improve following FLOSScoach: [skip-ci] (#13676)
root-project/root: CONTRIBUTING.md

How to Contribute Code to ROOT
==============================

> Thank you for your interest in contributing to ROOT!  We very much welcome and appreciate such contributions!

Reviewer: Just a passing-by comment, maybe conveys better the message?

```suggestion
Thank you for your interest in contributing to ROOT!  We warmly/heartily welcome and appreciate such contributions!
```

Our CI infrastructure automatically picks up a branch with the same name in your fork of `roottest.git`
and use that for testing your PR.

Building ROOT with your changes
-----------------------

The source code for ROOT is kept in [GitHub](https://github.com/root-project/root).

> In general, with the sources in `../src`, you build ROOT with `cmake -Droottest=On -Dtesting=On -Dall=On ../src && cmake --build`.
> If possible, configure with ninja, passing `-G Ninja` to the first `cmake` invocation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In general, with the sources in `../src`, you build ROOT with:
```
   cmake -Droottest=ON -Dtesting=ON -Dall=ON ../src && cmake --build
```
If possible, configure with ninja, passing `-G Ninja` to the first `cmake` invocation.
```

(github is confused by the inner "```"

Author: I don't understand this comment:
- "github is confused": where and how? How did you assess / how do you see this confusion?
- "the inner "\`\`\`"": which inner "\`\`\`"? Which outer "```"? The line you commented on only has \`
- "stray backslash": I see no backslash in the diff.

If any of this doesn't work for some reason then you can find more details [here](https://root.cern/install/build_from_source/).

Testing ROOT with your changes
-----------------------

To prevent bad surprises and make a better first impression, we
strongly encourage new developers to [run the tests](https://root.cern/for_developers/run_the_tests/)
_before_ submitting a pull request.

> To run ROOT's test suite you need to execute `ctest -j 12`. The number (12 in this example) depends on how many cores you have.

Reviewer 2: I think that the testing is not on by default.  Should we mention here the required `-D` for the `CMake` invocation?

Author: It's [right above](https://github.com/root-project/root/pull/13676/files#diff-eca12c0a30e25b4b46522ebf89465a03ba72a03f540796c979137931d8f92055R56)?

```txt
In general, with the sources in `../src`, you build ROOT with `cmake -Droottest=On -Dtesting=On -Dall=On ../src && cmake --build`.
```

Reviewer 2: yep but I did not see it :(
